---
layout: "@layouts/MarkdownLayout.astro"
title: "Privacy Policy"
navColor: "transparent"
---

# W.A. LLC Privacy Policy

## I. OUR PLEDGE REGARDING YOUR INFORMATION

At Wholesalers Advantage, LLC. (“WA”, “we”, or “us”), we take our responsibility to safeguard
your personal information extremely seriously.  WA is a wholesaler of insurance, tax
preparation, state planning, travel, merchant processing, payroll, financial and social media
services. This Privacy Policy explains how we acquire, use, and transmit your Personal
Information (as defined below). We deliver our programs (“Services”) through our website
located at  https://wholesalersadvantage.com and our Provider’s links and our widgets
(collectively, the “Site”) and online services, all collectively the (“Services”). We may update
this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you by posting a notification on the
Site. We understand that information about you and your business is personal.

## II. YOUR RIGHTS REGARDING YOUR INFORMATION

You have the following rights with respect to your information (data). You may contact us to
obtain additional information and instructions for exercising the following rights.

**You have the right to inspect and copy your data**

You may inspect and request copies of the records. If you request copies, we may charge you for
the costs of an electronic copying, mailing, labor, and supplies associated with your request. This
request must be in writing. Your request must specify how or where you wish to be contacted.

**You have the right to amend your records**

If you desire to amend your records, your request must be in writing.

**Social media**

In order to maintain a professional relationship consistent with professional standards, we are
required to respect the privacy of each other’s presence on social media and to maintain strict
professional boundaries and an overall professional relationship focused on treatment.

**Protocol for communications**

All communications between parties must occur via email during normal business hours:
info@wholesalersadvantage.com

## III. OUR PLEDGE REGARDING YOUR FINANCIAL INFORMATION

This Notice applies to all the financial records generated by WA and or Providers. All financial
records created will be held confidentially by WA and its Providers (Services), unless we are
required by law to disclose the information.

## IV. HOW WE MAY USE AND DISCLOSE FINANCIAL INFORMATION ABOUT YOU

WA will only use your financial information to transact business with you and for everyday
business purposes of the company. We will not share this information with any unauthorized
affiliates or non-affiliates.

## V. OUR PLEDGE REGARDING OUR WEBSITE/DASHBOARD

No data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. But, we strive to
protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. When you
interact on our web site and or our dashboard, all of your information is transmitted through the
Internet using Secure Socket Layers (SSL) technology. SSL technology causes your browser to
encrypt your information before transmitting it to our secure server. SSL technology, an industry
standard, is designed to prevent someone other than operators of our web site from capturing and
viewing your personal information. Once your information leaves our Secure Site, WA is no
longer able to control further disclosure of your information. If you choose to share your data

over email, you acknowledge the risk of unsecured communication. Additionally, you should be
aware of the information collected through cookies. Cookies are text information files that your
web browser places on your computer when you visit a website. Cookies assist in providing non-
personal information from you as an online visitor. It can be used in the customization of your
preferences when visiting our website. Most browsers accept cookies automatically but can be
configured not to accept them or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. We use a third-party
tracking service which uses cookies to track non-personally identifiable information about our
visitors to our main site in the aggregate to capture usage and volume statistics. We have no
access to or control over these cookies. This Notice covers the use of cookies by our company
only and does not cover the use of cookies by any third-party.

## VI. CHANGES TO THIS STATEMENT

WA will occasionally update this Notice of Privacy Practices to reflect company and customer
feedback, or as regulated by federal and/or state law. This Notice is effective for personal
information we already have about you as well as any information we receive in the future. WA
encourages you to periodically review this Notice to be informed about how WA is protecting
your information. In addition, at any time you may request a copy of the most current Notice in
effect.

## VII. CONTACT

If you have any questions about this Notice of Privacy Practice or would like a paper copy,
please contact us via mail or e-mail: Wholesalers Advantage, LLC., at 1201 S Main Street Ste
204, Boerne, TX., 78006 or via email: info@wholesalersadvantage.com

(EFFECTIVE AND REVISED 11/04/2024)
